# Templates

## Conventions

Templates are broken down into a version of Atomic design principals. Elements, Groups, Components, and Modules are determined by scope of styling & functionality. 

### Mixins

Use the mixin syntax for creating reusable templates that accept dynamic data.

Mixin files begin with a "+" to help keep them separated from blocks and to denote their ability to receive data. This mimics the actual implementation within PUG.

All mixins should follow the base starter:

    +[initial]-[name](context = {})
        div(class= prefix('[name]'))&attributes(attributes, attrs(context))

Where `initial` is the single letter abbreviation of the folder the mixin resides in.

Where `name` is all lowercase and dash delimited.

Be sure to add documentation at the head of the file about accept parameters (optional and required) and their value types.

### Private Mixins

Some mixins will require a level of flexibility that a normal template cannot provide. By using private mxins declared within the component mixin it allows template partials to be used optionally and/or repeatedly.

    +p-[partial](ctx = {})

Use partials to provide unique partials or to augment existing components.

### Examples

When creating mixins it is good to provide example usage. Examples are placed on the same page as the declared mixin which will automatically get added to the style guide.

    +u-example({'type': [ExampleType]})
		+p-label('[name]')
        +[initial]-[name]('...')
        +[initial]-[name]({...})

### Blocks

Use the block syntax for static templates that do not allow any customization.

## Generated Files

There are two files which should not be edited directly:

`/utilities/includes.pug` is updated automatically to include all modules, components, groups and elements. This is the basis of the usage of dynamic mixins and means you do not need to manually add includes in order to use mixins within templates.

`/sprite.svg` is generated by the SVG icons Gulp task and is included into `/layouts/base.pug`.